[OSDOCS-6908] IMDSv2 Documentation wrongly under Node Management (#62606)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-create-objects.adoc

|--dry-run
|Simulates creating the cluster.

> |----ec2-metadata-http-tokens string

Reviewer: should be `--ec2-metadata-http-tokens`

> |Configures the use of IMDSv2 for EC2 instances, 'optional' or 'required'.

Author: Done.

> |Configures the use of IMDSv2 for EC2 instances. Valid values are 'optional' (default) or 'required'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Configures the use of IMDSv2 for EC2 instances. Valid values are `optional` (default) or `required`.
```
Based on OpenShift Docs [markup reference](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#quick-markup-reference) 

> Use backticks for all non-GUI "system items", including:
> 
> Inline commands, operations, literal values, variables, parameters, settings, flags, environment variables, user input

Author: Done.
